how to run a youtube campaign part three
creating a great youtube app youtube's
own framework for creating great ads is
called abcd attract brand connect direct
attract is about hooking your audience
in from the start tight framing fast
fast-paced human faces and surprising
delight brand is about the importance of
putting well your brand front and center
introduce it in the first five seconds
make sure you mention it with audio as
well as visual reinforce with logo
placement and use colors and imagery
that really evoke your brand connect is
about storytelling and making your
audience feel something integrate
function and emotion together those
emotions like humor or intrigue keep the
focus on people who are relatable to
your target audience direct
hold your audience's hand along the
journey prompt them with offers and
calls to action inspire them to act with
urgency or scarcity create your ad with
the abcds and you're ready for part four
goals and budgets follow for more and
sign up for my newsletter to receive
tips like this in your inbox